{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Sofiia Zakalska, [18 \uc0\u1095 \u1077 \u1088 \u1074 . 2026\'a0\u1088 ., 10:00:57]:\
\cf2 Relax during a holistic massage with elements of tantra, taoism, breathwork and massage. At your choice, you may be massaged by a man or a woman. Experience the attentive ritual of honouring, and thanks to the massage, discover what feels good for you. At your wish, an intimate massage may be integrated. In this massage. With love and care, we attend to the inner and the outer spaces of the yoni \'96 the vagina and the pelvis. Without the pressure of expectations, this is a gateway to gaining more contact with oneself and one's own most intimate space.\cf0 \
\
\
\cf2 Tantric massage for men Shiva\
\
A very sensual and intimate massage that releases blockages and tensions (inhibitions). The affectionate way this massage is given opens up the heart and gives the ability to love and feel loved for both giver and receiver. Through this massage you can learn to have orgasms without ejaculation. An orgasm which is reached from other parts of the body than the sexual organs. An orgasm felt in the whole body as an unlimited state of ecstasy and love that can last for hours.\
\
You should not expect to experience this kind of whole body orgasm until the blockages and inhibitions have been dissolved. This usually happens gradually and might need more sessions.\
\
This massage can be given by one or two women at the same time. The massage is a body to body massage where the masseuse(s) are creatively using their hands, hair and other parts of the body, but no sexual intercourse.\cf0 \
\
\
\cf2 Massage for couples Shakti+Shiva\
This massage awakens inner energies, which stir up harmoniously in the whole body. The whole body becomes more sensitive and orgasmic.\
\
You will come together with your partner.First you will talk with a masseur and masseuse,whoom will take care of you later. They will explain you what you can expect in the next moments. The Massages are done separatelly, so-called each of you will be in different room, the massages will be given in the same time., so you will be by some specific way conected with your partner.\
\
During the massage you and your partner will be naked while the masseur/masseuse keep on shorts/panties.\
\
In the end you will meet your partner again. You will be surprised how you now perceive each other,you will see each other by different eyes and your hearts will be prepaired to give and to recieve mutual love.\
\
\cf0 Sofiia Zakalska, [19 \uc0\u1095 \u1077 \u1088 \u1074 . 2026\'a0\u1088 ., 16:17:47]:\
\cf2 Dance of Energies" Massage\
\
I took a break from massages while I was going through some internal transformations. And a retreat in Bali. It's a strange feeling, when you've changed within yourself, but the surrounding reality hasn't yet been erased, and you need time to understand\'97what's next? The old style no longer reflects me.\
\
Now that I feel renewed energy and a new state of mind, I'm resuming my massage sessions with a new program based on tantric techniques.\
\
It has more energy, more life, more of the real me, the one I've been hiding even from myself.\
\
This sensual massage is about the dance of feminine and masculine energies, about the states that arise from accepting your nature and the laws of energy movement. It's better to feel it than to talk about it.\
\
So, I invite you to a session of sensual massage based on tantric techniques\'97"Dance of Energies" \uc0\u55357 \u56613 \cf0 \
\
\
\cf2 We are recruiting staff for our tantra relaxation studio, which is located in the center of Sitges, Barcelona province. Accommodation is provided.\
\
BDSM\
Enter the world of BDSM massages where your desires become reality. Our experienced masseuse will guide you through a sensual adventure full of passion and obedience, opening the door to an unprecedented world of pleasure.\
\
What to expect:\
\
Restraint: Experience unique sensations as your body is surrendered to the hands of our skilled masseuse and your movements are gently restricted.\
Dominant role of masseuse: Feel the power and authority of our masseuse as she provides you with an intense adventure full of passion and obedience.\
Light bondage: Let yourself be seamlessly connected by ropes of sensuality that will engulf you and release tension.\
Eye-scraper: Get lost in dark secrets as the eye-scraper opens the way to the unknown.\
Rope: Intertwine with desire and passion as the ropes create sensual patterns on your skin.\
Scolding: Accept the pleasant pain that will become an unforgettable experience.\
Pain (after consultation with the masseuse): Each experience is individual, we will adapt it to your ideas and boundaries.\
Pegs: Get ready for gentle touches that will bring you an unprecedented exciting experience.\
The entire experience is carefully consulted with our masseuse to achieve the optimal result for your personal experience. Get ready for an unprecedented mix of passion, intensity and sensuality that will open new doors to the world of pleasure.\
\
What is BDSM?\
\
BDSM is an abbreviation that denotes a wide range of erotic practices that include bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, sadism and masochism. This complex form of sexual expression creates intense emotional and physical experiences for all parties involved.\
\
History of BDSM:\
\
The history of BDSM dates back to the ancient past, where some elements of this form of sexual expression can be found in ancient cultures and religions. However, modern BDSM as a subculture began to develop in the 20th century, with a significant rise in the 1960s and 1970s.\
\
What can BDSM bring to the customer?}